Update deferrable operators guide (#3802)
astronomer/docs: learn/deferrable-operators.md

)
```

You can find a list of operators that support deferrable mode in the [Airflow documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers/core-extensions/deferrable-operator-ref.html).

Previously, before the `deferrable` parameter was available in regular operators, deferrable operators were implemented as standalone operators, usually with an `-Async` suffix. Some of these operators are still available. For example, the `DateTimeSensor` does not have a `deferrable` parameter, but has a deferrable version called `DateTimeSensorAsync`. 

:::info

> The [Astronomer providers](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers) package, which contained many `-Async` operators, has been deprecated. The functionality from most of these operators has been integrated into their original operator version in the relevant Airflow provider package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Astronomer providers](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers) package, which contained many `-Async` operators, is deprecated. The functionality from most of these operators is integrated into their original operator version in the relevant Airflow provider package.
```

> There are still a couple of these operators available, for example, the `DateTimeSensor` operator does not have a `deferrable` parameter but a deferrable version called `DateTimeSensorAsync`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some of these operators are still available. For example, the `DateTimeSensor` does not have a `deferrable` parameter, but has a deferrable version called `DateTimeSensorAsync`. 
```

> Many `-Async` operators were part of the [Astronomer Providers](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers) package. The functionality from most of these operators has been integrated into their original operator version in the relevant Airflow provider packages and the Astronomer Providers package has been deprecated as of version 1.19.0. For example, if you've used the EmrContainerOperatorAsync from Astronomer Providers, you can now use the EmrContainerOperator from the [Amazon Airflow provider](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/versions/latest/modules/EmrContainerOperator) package and set `deferrable=True` in the operator definition to make the operator deferrable.

Reviewer 2: Honestly I would keep this more simple and add it as a `note` that just says something like "Astronomer providers, which provided async functionality, have now been deprecated. The functionality from most of these operators has been integrated into their original operator version in the relevant Airflow provider package"

## Create a deferrable operator

> If you have an operator that would benefit from being asynchronous but does not yet exist in OSS Airflow, you can create your own by writing your own deferrable operator and trigger class. You can even defer a task several times if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an operator that would benefit from being asynchronous, but does not exist in OSS Airflow yet, you can create your own by writing a deferrable operator and trigger class. You can also defer a task several times if needed.
```

> If you have an operator that would benefit from being asynchronous but does not yet exist in OSS Airflow or Astronomer Providers, you can create your own by writing your own deferrable operator and trigger class. You can even defer a task several times if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have an operator that would benefit from being asynchronous but does not yet exist in OSS Airflow, you can create your own by writing your own deferrable operator and trigger class. You can even defer a task several times if needed.
```

Get a template for a custom deferrable operator and custom trigger class, by clicking the dropdown below:

<details>
<summary>Click to view the template code</summary>
<div>
    <div><CodeBlock language="python">{custom_deferrable_operator_template}</CodeBlock></div>
</div>
</details>

> Note that when developing a custom trigger, you will need to restart your triggerer to pick up any changes you make, since the triggerer caches the trigger classes. Additionally, all information you pass between the triggerer and the worker must be JSON serializable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when developing a custom trigger, you need to restart your triggerer to pick up any changes you make, since the triggerer caches the trigger classes. Additionally, all information you pass between the triggerer and the worker must be JSON serializable.
```
